excuse me, could i have a coffe please?
yeah for sure do you want long or short?
i prefere short coffer
okay, i'll be right back in a minute
would you bring me a menu for the dessert?
okay, i'll bring it with the coffe
....
do you mind if i put the coffe here near your phone?
it's okay for me, thank you
i let the menu up here.
do you mind to bring a piece of paper because the table is unstable/wobbly
no problem, i'm gonna be right back for adjust it
okay thank you very much


PLANNING YOUR HOLIDAY:
Yesterday i finally plan the holiday with my friends, we are going to visit Firenze
 but for reach it we have planned the trip in "Via degli Dei".
For know the best point for camping we will buy a book that suggest us the best place for camping.
If we will arrive to Firenze, we going to visit all the most famous monument. 
We are coming back on the 12 august

WRITING LETTER FOR A REALLY BAD EVENTS:
Hi stefano, i heard about your fight with your boss and i'm really sorry he decided to fire you.
You did your best and that work didn't deserve your time. Hope you going to find a job that deserve you.
In the meantime, if you need anything else don't worry, i'm here for you.
Wish you the best, your friend Erik.

--> hi erik, thank you for your your support , in this moment i think for my future 

STORY TELLING ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU WANT
I'm going to describe a day that changed in a very good way my life, it was my first day in a new
class because in 2016 i have decided to change school.

i was riding to school very fast because i was very late because the past night, i forgot to set the alarm
 and obviously i woke up late and there was a lot of traffic because at the first day, the parents used to took their children to school,
 when i was arrived at school i was 15 minutes late.
That means, when i went to my new class, the only chair free was the chair in front of the teacher near a 
random guy i never seen and i realized i didn't know anynobody there.
In that day, me and that random guy have talked a lot about everything and we discovered we have a lot in common
so in the afternoon, after getting a lunch togheter. we decided to met in the evening but i can't remember what we do in that night.
This random guy's name is Andrei and he is my actual best friend since that day.

DESCRIBING HOUSE
Beatiful chalet for sale!
There are so many threes around the house that can cover you by the wind.
In the house you going to find some furniture are included you probably need
 like some table, some chairs, couch and a television in the living room.
The best features of the house is the room near the bedroom which
 included a wine cellar
 with some bottle of wine included.
 The house also included a fireplace for get you warm in the winter and
  a garage for park two cars.
 Call now for block the price

 - how do you want the lights?
 - do you preferred usability of the house or the estethic?
 -- do you value the utility or aestethic?

 For prepare yourself and your family for an earthquake you need
 a place in your house for cover yourself like down a table if it sudden start
 and you are in your house remember dont run away but wait under it the end of it.
 After the end, you have to run in the nearest
 open space and 